puppies are up for adoption and they are
here to help us pick the winner so check
out these adorable 12 week old lab mix
puppies they're from love rescue include
absolutely
also Cortney and Jason here as well
introduce the pups these guys actually
aren't named yet define animal control
they're abandoned six week old puppies
so they're going to be seven weeks
he's dreaming about something God he
sounds
in the area service
Jellico
darkens a fundraiser coming up it's
called the yappy hour happy hour
celebrity bartending event that is going
to help grillers bug in part one week
from today
take some furniture guy Wow very nice so
we're helping raise money for st. done
talked to Jason about this TV star
the box
Roxy music's brought to you by the count
better brothers floor show it's time to
fall in love again with your home
this is a place right here clay from
this between beautiful inane prospect
and I what's cool about this place is
Erwin's guys been here whole time with
duis jewelry our cable company
oh great news story center in here we're
gonna be checking all those out today so
bringing some oldest and the newbies and
of course what's really cool about this
place too is we have a whole bunch of
places to eat they connected the two
arcades together so there's a ferry
right in to see beneath the same starter
right now so here we go let's go let's
go